[Fix] Jumping scrubber when a segment is downloaded and the scrubber is dragged (#415)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- The scrubber could jump to an old position during a seek operation when it was dragged.

> - The Seekbar scrubber could jump to an old position on touch devices when a new buffer is available during a seek operation.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
- The Seekbar scrubber could jump to an old position on touch devices when the buffer updates during a seek operation.
```
